So now that you learned about commands and arguments, let's talk about flags and their different styles.
So there's the shorthand, which is like just minus and then a letter, this is called POSIX.
And then there's a '--long-style', which is usually a full word that you can understand, so
either types of these flags or fine, so like 'git'--'git's help option has, you know, --no-pager options,
--no-replace-objects there.
Those are all human readable words that you can use.
But then they've also got these shorter, POSIX-style ones.
So you just do you just pass out a letter and then something else.
Sometimes it's just only a letter or in this example, you can use either the -p or the --paginate.
So it's--it's usually up to the developer how to implement these flags, but at a bare minimum, you
should do you should at least do the lowercase letters.
And then a lot of programs, newer programs these days will have both options available.